---
layout: post
title: Student Learning Objectives
description: Feugiat amet tempus
image: assets/images/pic02.jpg
---

# Objective 1:

## Integrate the knowledge, theories, and methods of a variety of disciplines to inform decision making

In the profession of nursing, knowledge across a variety of subjects is required to inform and support 
health care practices. Throughout the course of the program, we acquired knowledge across multiple 
nursing disciplines. Pharmacology helped us better understand the different medications used in healthcare
and their various effects on the body to aid in safe medication administration. Community health and
transcultural nursing allowed us to firmly grasp the concept of social determinants of health to identify 
potential health disparities or barriers to care that different populations may be facing. Knowledge of 
mental health nursing bolstered our patient communication skills. The integration of our knowledge is best 
displayed by the differences in our careplans from ADHI and ADHII. During adult health we used the 
nursing process to assess patient needs, develop nursing care plans, and plan effective nursing interventions
showcasing our clinical judgment skills. As we advanced through the program gaining more knowledge 
our care plans became more complex granting us a better overall picture of our patients and their illnesses. 
Attached are careplans from ADHI and ADHII showcasing the growth in my knowledge base when coming
into contact with medical-surgical patients with similar disease processes.

<ul class="actions fit">
	<li><a href="https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=https://github.com/jennifer-pompa/NursingPortfolio/blob/master/documents/test.pdf" target="_blank" class="button fit" type="application/pdf">Document Name</a></li>
</ul>

<ul class="actions fit">
	<li><a href="https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bcmzW2nil9VkfRx0PaFSktWRfLZfLroy" target="_blank" class="button fit">Document Name</a></li>
</ul>


# Objective 2:

## Participate in the process of inquiry, analysis, and information literacy to promote quality care and patient safety

Healthcare is a constantly evolving field to meet the changing needs of patients, healthcare systems, and 
society. As such, it is integral for nurses to stay up to date on the current best nursing practices. Throughout
this program, we were encouraged to research and analyze current evidence based practices to build upon 
our knowledge base. In intro to nursing research, my classmates and I conducted an extensive literature
review discussing how access to condoms reduces STI rates in adolescents. This culminated in a final paper 
and oral presentation attached below. Overall, this assignment aided in the development of our information 
literacy and analysis of research. During the second session, we examined an illness of our choosing and
discussed evidence based nursing practices within the last ten years associated with the disease 
process. Attached below is my QSEN paper outlining nursing interventions for patients with cellulitis. This
assignment required students to use inquiry, analysis, and information literacy skills to perform a literature 
review identifying current nursing practices and how these have improved patient care. 

# Objective 3: 

## Apply leadership concepts, abilities, and decision making in the provision of high quality nursing care, healthcare team coordination, and the oversight and accountability for care delivery in a variety of settings. 

Nursing is a profession that requires coordinated collaboration with other healthcare professionals to meet the 
comprehensive needs of a patient. Learning how to delegate, collaborate effectively, and acknowledging 
every member's role within the care team is an essential part of care delivery. Throughout the 
program students have participated in various simulations across a variety of settings including adult health, 
pediatric health, mental health, maternity, and others. These simulation walk students through realistic
clinical scenarios in a safe learning environment allowing learners to test their critical thinking skills
without the risk of patient injury. In many simulations we worked alongside classmates tasked
with the care of an ill patient. During these scenarios we worked on developing our team dynamics and 
assessment skills, applying appropriate interventions to protect our patients from harm. In addition to this, 
I had the opportunity to practice communication skills with other mock healthcare professionals such as 
the physician, pharmacy, charge nurses, etc. Overtime I witnessed how these simulations strengthened our 
decision making and team coordination skills to bolster our care delivery. Attached are some of the simulation
reflections outlining strengths and weakness I identified to improve upon to deliver the best care possible to 
patients. In adult health I and adult health II we presented case studies walking the class through a patient 
scenario discussing appropriate nursing interventions, physiological processes, medication administration, 
and best practices. These case studies allowed us to work together overseeing the care for these patients. 
 
# Objective 4:

## Integrate evidence, clinical judgment, inter-professional perspectives, and patient preferences in planning, implementing, and evaluating outcomes of care 

During every clinical rotation, students were tasked with producing patient specific care plans 
each week. These care plans required students to integrate patient assessments, clinical judgement skills, and
evidence based practices to outline an appropriate plan of care. During obstetrical clinicals, students 
developed care plans for both the mother and infant taking into consideration cultural implications, 
psychosocial issues, pregnancy complications, significant lab values, medications, and head to toe assessments
to develop an individualized plan of care. Each care plan included personalized nursing diagnoses with 
appropriate nursing interventions implemented and an evaluation of their outcomes. Attached are two 
careplans from the maternal clinical rotation outlining a mother and her infants care needs. 

# Objective 5:

## Demonstrate skills in using patient care technologies, information systems, and communication devices that support safe nursing practice 

Technological developments in healthcare have allowed for improved patient care and are now a 
crucial part of todays healthcare systems. In order to use these technologies to their full potential, 
nurses must be well versed in the field of patient care technology. During clinical rotations I have 
had the opportunity to become familiarized with various health care technologies. IV pumps allow 
for the precise administration of medication over a specific period of time. Electronic health records
enable healthcare providers to access, share, and update pertinent patient information efficiently. 
Medication barcode scanning technology allows for safer medication administration, protecting 
patients from medication errors. The following is a list of some of the technological devices I have 
encountered and practiced using during clinical rotations:
	Alaris IV pumps
	EHRs: Cerner and EPIC 
	12 Lead ECG 
	Omnicell 
	Glucometers
	Low air loss mattress
	Sequential compression devices 
	Automatic vital sign machines
	Wound vacs
	Bladder Scanner
	CPAP machine 
	Doppler machine
	Fetal heart rate monitor and tocodynamometer 
Attached are some of my clinical hours logs during which I became more familiarized with technology
used on the floor. Alongside these clinical hours, in our obstetrical course we completed a formal 
interview of a mother who had given birth before 1985. In our write-up we discussed the differences
between the technology available during the labor and delivery process now and back then. This 
ultimately allowed us to reflect upon the technological advances we have today and how they aid in 
our care delivery. 
	
# Objective 6:

## Demonstrate basic knowledge in healthcare policy, finance, and regulatory environments including local, state, national, and global healthcare trends. 

As patient advocates, nurses play an essential role in healthcare policy and reform. Policy impacts rules 
and regulations at local, state, and national level affecting things like healthcare access, cost, 
delivery, and privacy. In order to help shape future policies to benefit patients, nurses must be 
knowledgeable about current healthcare policy and how it works.  In our Professional Nursing course,
we identified a healthcare issue that required reform and composed a letter to a local legislator 
addressing this issue. To complete this assignment, students had to obtain knowledge of local 
healthcare issues and policies. Throughout this course we were also assigned discussion posts that
required us to delve into legal legislative factors influencing nursing practice, health care reform, 
and political action. Attached are two discussion posts touching on these subjects to help further develop
Our knowledge in healthcare policy and legislation. 

healthcare system
Letter to senator 
various discussion boards 

# Objective 7:

## Use inter- and intra-professional communication and collaborative skills to deliver evidence-based, patient centered care.

Collaboration amongst nurses and healthcare professionals is essential for effective and efficient patient care. Nurses must be able to collaborate internally and across a variety of health care disciplines to communicate and address patient needs. Through effective communication, delegation, and shared objectives nurses can create a supportive environment. The TeamSTEPPS assignment helped students develop a greater understanding of teamwork and collaborative elements important in the nursing profession. For this assignments students presented on a topic of their choice that showcased nursing collaboration. Students became familiar with TeamSTEPPs, an evidence based set of teamwork tools that optimizes team performance across the field of healthcare, in order to complete this assignment. Our group discussed simulations within the workplace. We also saw our peers present on topics such as SBAR reporting, rapid responses, CPR, and many others. These presentations helped us develop a greater understanding of team structure, leadership, situation monitoring, communication, and mutual support to bolster our collaborative skills. 

Team stepps 

# Objective 8:

## Assess health/illness beliefs, values, attitudes, and practices of individuals, families, groups, communities and populations to provide comprehensive care to diverse populations.

Cultural competency is a vital skill for delivering quality nursing care across culturally diverse populations. 
Specific ethnic, socioeconomic, and cultural populations experience health inequities at disproportionate rates. 
Nurses, whose duty it is to advocate for patients, should recognize the varying needs of patients and work 
towards turning the tide on health disparities. Nurses can be better prepared to meet a patients personalized
needs when they are aware of the cultural beliefs, heritage, attitudes, and traditions their patients have.
Patients who feel seen, heard, and represented within the healthcare system are more likely to trust and 
communicate with their care team improving outcomes. Transcultural nursing introduced us to a variety 
of cultures and their beliefs to help students better understand some of the diversity around us.
As part of this course we had the opportunity to interview someone of a difference culture to learn more
about their traditions, values, and beliefs. My paper explored Hmong culture providing me with valuable
insight on how to better care for individuals of this particular culture. In addition to this, we had multiple 
presentations within the course held by different members of our own community with varying religious beliefs 
and cultural backgrounds. Each presentation helped us gain a better understanding 
of the different the attitudes and beliefs held by populations within the Central Valley which in turn allowed me 
to better serve those within my own community.


Interviewing someone of diff culture

# Objective 9:

## Demonstrate professional standards of moral, ethical, and legal conduct.

Understanding the professional standards of moral, ethical, and legal conduct are essential to recognizing
healthcare dilemmas and making sound decisions. Nurses may routinely encounter issues with ethical
implications, by developing ethical awareness they can protect their patients best interest and provide 
quality care. In our nursing leadership course, we discussed patient safety incidents including sentinel events. 
Nursing standards of moral, ethical, and legal conduct play a crucial role in the prevention and response to 
sentinel events. As a part of the course, each student was tasked with researching a sentinel event.
The paper delves into the pitfalls leading to the event, response strengths and weaknesses, and opportunities 
for improvement to prevent further patient harm. In order to complete the assignment students had to become
familiarized with the standards of legal conduct and the ethical principles that were broken. 


Sentinel event 

# Objective 10:

## Foster professional growth and development through the pursuit of lifelong learning and professional engagement, towards an understanding of the ambiguity and unpredictability of the world and its effect on the healthcare system.

Healthcare is an ever evolving field constantly advancing, as such healthcare professionals must 
stay up to date to improve patient care and ensure safety. Lifelong learning is an inherent part of the nursing
profession. Throughout this program I have been able to continue to work on my professional growth through 
continuing education courses and certifications such as Culturally Competent Nursing Care, Child and Elder
Abuse, Emergency Response, and Essentials of Newborn Care. Alongside these certificates, I have also
obtained my BLS and am currently working towards my NIHSS and ACLS certifications. 

# Objective 11:

## Implement holistic, patient-centered care that reflects an understanding of human growth and development, pathophysiology, pharmacology, medical and nursing management across the health/illness continuum, across the lifespan, and in all healthcare settings. 

Throughout the program I was able to implement holistic patient centered care that reflected my understanding
of human growth, pharmacology, pathophysiology, and nursing management across the health continuum, 
lifespan, in various settings. In Adult Health II I completed a paper in which I examined the 
pathophysiology and nursing care of a patient within the critical care unit. My paper delved into the critical
care of sepsis and evidenced based sepsis protocol practices. In our Mental Health course we 
Had the opportunity to explore a personality disorder of our choice discussing the etiology, diagnosis,
treatment, prognosis, and nursing implications associated with this illness. In addition to this,
in our Pediatric course a classmate and I conducted a family child assessment of a single parent family 
Who had a 13 year old son with down syndrome and autism. In our paper we discussed our physical
assessment findings, cognitive and psychosocial development, milestones, areas for interventional 
Teaching, and potential resources for the family. Overall, these papers demonstrate my understanding
of human development, pathophysiology, pharmacology, and nursing management
across the lifespan and health illness continuum in a variety of settings. 



Adhiiii research paper ICU PATIENT 

Obsessibe compulsive personality disorder

Family child assessment
